The next topic is impact.
Frequently, when you have adapt,
a user will be presented with an option to perhaps send money or to submit a transaction.
What isn't clear to them given that there are so many options on
the dialogues and so many complex terms that they're not familiar with,
they usually don't know what's going to happen when I do this.
Will I lose my money?
Will I be sharing my private details with someone?
Will this work?
Do I have to do anything else to make it work successfully?
So these are the topics that you want to address upfront.
So whenever you have a transaction that is going to change state,
it's very important that you clearly present to
the user what exactly will happen when they take
the action both in terms of
data and also especially if there's any financial transaction involved,
what's going to happen to their money whether it's cryptocurrency,
or tokens, or any such thing.
So being very clear upfront with the user,
what is going to happen when they take the specific action is a great way to
ensure that users are not fearful of using your app,
and can comfortably go through and confidently go through knowing that
when they take a particular action it's going to do something that they are aware off.